=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

B<rc>,
B<rc.single>,
B<rc.multi>,
B<rc.modules>,
B<rc.local>,
B<rc.shutdown>,
B<rc.d/> - startup and shutdown scripts

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=begin man

  init(8)
  |-- rc
  |   `-- rc.modules
  |-- rc.multi
  |   |-- rc.d/
  |   `-- rc.local
  |-- rc.shutdown
  `-- rc.single

=end man

=begin html

  <pre>
  init(8)
  ├── rc
  │   └── rc.modules
  ├── rc.multi
  │   ├── rc.d/
  │   └── rc.local
  ├── rc.shutdown
  └── rc.single
  </pre>

=end html

=head1 DESCRIPTION

TODO

B<rc.shutdown> is the command script which shuts down various
services, and is invoked by L<shutdown(8)> as part of the process of
shutting down the system.

B<rc.d/> is the directory which contains various L<sh(1p)> scripts,
one for each service, which are called by B<rc.multi> at startup,
B<rc.shutdown> at shutdown, and as necessary during system operation
to stop, start, restart, reload or otherwise control the service.

=head1 FILES

=over 18

=item F</etc/rc>

System boot script.

=item F</etc/rc.single>

Single-User startup script.

=item F</etc/rc.multi>

Multi-User startup script.

=item F</etc/rc.modules>

Module initialization script.

=item F</etc/rc.local>

Local multi-user startup script.

=item F</etc/rc.shutdown>

System shutdown script.

=item F</etc/rc.conf>

System boot configuration file.

=item F</etc/rc.d/>

Directory containing control scripts for each service.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<rc.conf(5)>, L<init(8)>, L<reboot(8)>, L<shutdown(8)>

=cut

# vim:sw=2:ts=2:sts=2:et:cc=72:tw=70
# End of file.
